README.md, before:

# Intecture [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/intecture/cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/intecture/cli) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Intecture/cli/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Intecture/cli?branch=master) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join\ Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/intecture/Lobby)

Intecture is a developer friendly, language agnostic configuration management tool for server systems.

* Extensible support for virtually any programming language
* Standard programming interface. No DSL. No magic.
* Rust API library (and bindings for popular languages)

You can find out more at [intecture.io](https://intecture.io).

## System Requirements

Intecture relies on [ZeroMQ](http://zeromq.org) for communication between your project and your managed hosts. The Intecture installer will install these dependencies automatically, however if you are building Intecture manually, you will need to install ZeroMQ and CZMQ before proceeding.

## Install

The best way to get up and running is by using the Intecture installer:

```
$ curl -sSf https://get.intecture.io/ | sh -s -- cli
```

## Uninstall

If you used the Intecture installer to install the CLI, you can also use it for removal:

```
$ curl -sSf https://get.intecture.io/ | sh -s -- -u cli
```

## Contributing

Dude! Awesome. Have a look at [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Support

- For any bugs, feature requests etc., please ticket them on GitHub.
- You can ask questions and chat on our [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/intecture/Lobby).
- For enterprise support and consulting, please email <mailto:support@intecture.io>.

Commit message:

Link to installation docs: intecture/auth#8

README.md, after:

# Intecture [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/intecture/cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/intecture/cli) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Intecture/cli/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Intecture/cli?branch=master) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join\ Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/intecture/Lobby)

Intecture is a developer friendly, language agnostic configuration management tool for server systems.

* Extensible support for virtually any programming language
* Standard programming interface. No DSL. No magic.
* Rust API library (and bindings for popular languages)

You can find out more at [intecture.io](https://intecture.io).

## Installation

The best way to get up and running is by using the Intecture installer:

```
$ curl -sSf https://get.intecture.io/ | sh -s -- cli
```

For other installation options and dependencies, see the [Intecture book](https://intecture.io/book/rust/ch05-04-01-reference-cli-installation.html).

#### Uninstallation

```
$ curl -sSf https://get.intecture.io/ | sh -s -- -u cli
```

## Contributing

Dude! Awesome. Have a look at [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Support

- For any bugs, feature requests etc., please ticket them on GitHub.
- You can ask questions and chat on our [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/intecture/Lobby).
- For enterprise support and consulting, please email <mailto:support@intecture.io>.
